the wilderness and the wasteland shall
be glad for them and the desert shall
rejoice and blossom as the rose it shall
blossom abundantly and rejoice even with
joy and singing the glory of Lebanon
shall be given to it the excellence of
Carmel and Sharon they shall see the
glory of the Lord the excellency of our
God strengthened the weak hands and make
firm the feeble knees say to those who
are fearful hearted be strong do not
fear behold your God will come with
vengeance with the recompense of God he
will come and save you then the eyes of
the blind shall be opened and the ears
of the Deaf shall be unstopped
then the lame shall leap like a deer and
the tongue of the dumb sing for water
shall burst forth in the wilderness and
streams in the desert the parched ground
shall become a pool and the thirsty land
Springs of water in the habitation of
jackals where each lay there shall be
grass with reeds and rushes the highway
shall be there and a road and it shall
be called the highway of holiness the
unclean shall not pass over it but it
shall be for others whoever walks the
road although a fool shall not go astray
no lion shall be there nor shall any
ravenous beast go up on it
it shall not be found there but the
redeemed shall walk there and the
ransomed of the Lord shall return and
come to Zion with singing with
everlasting joy on their heads they
shall obtain joy and gladness and sorrow
and sighing shall flee away
[Music]